Oops and then people are going to be welcome more
a video for the channel and this time now
2006 a buggy for minecraft pv with 10
10.0 points well is the mouth 36 that you
have won a bugre first bugre
if I go and is to bring more banks and to
but it's a very useful blog it's kind of a
multiplication glitch even exists
a bug that you can multiply your
items
and this exists from zero point 9.0
at least for what I know beauty
so let's go to this one it's okay
you will first need any
then try and get any item
even and you will need two or
more of these items is the touch with 10 o
within yourself because that 10 is a
Legal number I want, I want, I want
do races then you will have to
do the following you will have to have
any number on average above 2 of the
item you want
There you go he'll have to jump.
put here on the first in the first
quadrant of the old boys are seeing that
he is so, so beauty is passing
While I'm recording, but okay?
Right there you are going to do what you are going
here on Monday is the second with andrade
daltiba you will do what will
hold as if you had an item
need you to insure it will
repeat just load and you will play
The item on the floor, right?
so you come here on Monday
No, you can not have anything on Monday
that you can not have anything you're seeing
here completely empty environmental today
secure tag
There you get a safe hold and not much there.
we either saw that it had nothing that
launched the same way
Oh my god, but beauty there when
You pick it up, man.
doubled did not let it do it again
nelson we're there again 30 will
Give an idea, let me see, let's see this
increase is not the amount is going from
oil has already been around 20 to
gouveia conef plus a report already 64 and 16 and
well I earn a pec now are boots and
come here, keep these things, and do
The same thing again, then it's just
scream I was an animal that we can
call a bug a cap or call it better
blog and also was the eb
forty a grid will not be worth millions
It was nice to see people have liked
video would like to leave your life here
below to support the channel and
in the caucasus was written by the
next month, my sky god
The channel is almost 14 here, my God.
God my God, my God, you're thirteen thousand.
nine hundred and few I do not know how it is
now
beauty thank you very much to remember the channel
It's growing, thank you very much.
d'anta then sign up each one goes
be one of the next to let
Comment you liked the video you have
blog or trustee to send one thing
Do you think it's cool that the idea
good video you send me there I record
It's beautiful, so it was this, she said.
and until the next video I went